Add action to select new targets (#2707)
cursorless-dev/cursorless: packages/cursorless-org-docs/src/docs/user/README.md

Note that when combined with list targets, `take`/`pre`/`post` commands will result in multiple cursors.

- `"take <TARGET>"`: Selects the given target.
- `"pre <TARGET>"`: Places the cursor before the given target.
- `"post <TARGET>"`: Places the cursor after the given target.
- `"append <TARGET>"`: Selects the given target, while preserving your existing selections.

> - `"append pre <TARGET>"`: Adds a new cursor before the given target while preserving your existing selections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `"append pre <TARGET>"`: Adds a new cursor before the given target, while preserving your existing selections.
```

> - `"add <TARGET>"`: Selects the given target while preserving existing selections.
> - `"add pre <TARGET>"`: Places the cursor before the given target while preserving existing selections.
> - `"add post <TARGET>"`: Places the cursor after the given target while preserving existing selections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `"append <TARGET>"`: Selects the given target while preserving existing selections.
- `"append pre <TARGET>"`: Adds a new cursor before the given target while preserving your existing selections.
- `"append post <TARGET>"`: Adds a new cursor after the given target, while preserving your existing selections.
```
